let's talk about type 4 moisturizing
cream by my honey child okay this is
going to be my review my thoughts
impressions my thoughts and impressions
of the type 4 moisturizing cream for
curly and kinky hair okay I'm gonna put
the ingredients on in the information
box below so we won't go over that this
is an 8 ounce jar
I've used about half of it it has hair
in it so you'll just have to look at
hair cuz I'm not pulling that out umm
I've used about half of it it's white it
has no smell or no no real smell I don't
want to say it's scentless but it's not
sounds like cream but that make sense
it's just it's scentless I would say
it's pretty much simplest it's thick
it's very thick very very thick it's a
cross between a cream and a hair grease
it has that consistency that it doesn't
see it doesn't really melt down but it
does kind of disappear if that I don't
know if that makes sense but if it's a
cream and an oil together it definitely
is and it feels that way on your hair
this is an 8 ounce jar I think I said
that already
but just in case I didn't it's an 8
ounce jar the directions say apply a
quarter size amount of the type for
moisturizing cream between palms and
gently distribute through hair can be
used on wet or dry hair create long
lasting moisture don't create starting
creates long lasting moisture great for
double strand twist styles to elongate
curls and smooth waves okay and my honey
child describes this
the type for moisturizing hair cream is
a natural hair moisturizer that
conditions dry hair and a dry scalp type
4 hair requires heavy moisture and this
cream delivers immediate moisture and
hydration on contact the cooling
spearmint soothes a dry scalp ok this is
how I feel about it I like I like this
product a lot I would almost say I love
this product a lot a lot I agree that it
delivers moisture and hydration on
contact like I said it's it's a cross
between a cream and a hair grease
because I think as well as providing
moisture it's actually a sealant and you
can tell because it's just grease it has
like this grease eNOS to it that is not
bad it's not greasy to the point of
overbearing it's more like greasy to the
point where one your hair will have some
type of Sheen I don't know if you can
tell here but my hair has a sheen to it
and also it has but it does provide
moisture and I think that's why my hair
holds its definition so well I use this
on both wet and dry hair I use it right
after I wash my hair watching Duke
condition and condition my hair I go
ahead and put this on my hair as a
moisturizer and like I said do in
addition to moisturizing I feel like it
also seals in the moisture and then I
put my style on top and I'm good to go
it's never been crunchy it's never been
greased it's not it's never been greasy
after the first applying oil wet hair
now dry hair is a little different I
would not use this every single day on
dry hair only because especially if you
don't have type 4 hair I mean you if you
don't you if you don't have time for
hair I would not use this product and
the reason why I say this is because
this can be very can go from
moisturizing or sheeny too greasy quick
and for my hair even though I definitely
feel like I have type 4 hair every day
of this by I don't know maybe the third
or fourth day my hair is just greasy but
every other day or when my hair is
extremely dry like right now is the
perfect time to be using this product
because my hair is dry you know the wind
and cold weather and going in and out of
heat it definitely needs that extra
moisture in addition to these ceiling in
of water this is perfect
um I've never used it on my scalp so I
don't actually know if it soothes the
dry scalp so I'm not gonna rain it on
that because I don't actually know this
is a nice it's a nice sized product I've
been using this religiously for about
two months I've tried it everyday I've
tried it every other day I've tried it
once a week I've tried it in addition to
other things and my preference is like I
said every other day once wash day and
every other day afterwards the
moisturizing keeps your hair from
getting frizzy and that's why I'm that's
why I keep saying that it's definitely a
cross between an oil and a cream because
the oil definitely keeps the frizzy away
it does so I real anyways I like this
product I think it's a great product
I think definitely if you have type 4 I
think this is a good product to use if
you don't have type 4 it might be a
little too greasy but definitely
something that you could probably handle
in the colder months it's really good if
you have any suggestions of any other my
honey-child products that I should try
let me know in the car
it's because this product makes me want
to try other my honey-child products yes
that's it
till next time talk to you later bye